# Extended FizzBuzz Kata

## Description
This is the original FizzBuzz problem:
 
*"Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100. But for multiples of three print “Fizz” instead of the number and for the multiples of five print “Buzz”. For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print “FizzBuzz”."*

This is a TDD kata, so I've made testable classes that return lists or strings and then a Launcher that executes them and prints their results. I'm gonna focus on those testable classes.

#### Basic FizzBuzz 
It's just the original FizzBuzz. 

In order to separate responsabilities i've split the algorithm in two methods: `transformList` that iterates through the list of numbers and calls `transform`, that generates the appropriate string. This way I can pay special attention to the method that generates the output string. 

Since there are only two simple conditions, there's no need to make the solution parameterized. Just two "if" clauses and that's all.
#### PssFizzBuzz: more divisors 
*For multiples of two print "Pss". This word should also be added to the ones generated by multiples of three and five, and the order must be always:*
*1. Pss*
*2. Fizz*
*3. Buzz*

Adding one more condition makes my previous solution inadequate. I cannot solve the problem using "if" clauses. If I have to deal with all possible combinations of *Pss*, *Fizz* and *Buzz*, then I'll have to think about a more parameterizable solution.

`ParameterizedFizzBuzz` accepts several pairs [*number, word*] and stores them in a `LinkedHashMap`. This way `transform` method will iterate through them orderly, checking each of their module operations and adding their words when condition is passed.
#### PssFizzBuzzMeh: different kind of conditions
*For numbers with a digit "four" on them print Meh. This This word should also be added to the ones generated by multiples of three and five, and the order must be always:*
*1. Pss*
*2. Fizz*
*3. Buzz*
*4. Meh*

Now I have to deal with generic conditions, and not just module operations.

`PredicateFizzBuzz` is a slightly improved version of `ParameterizecFizzBuzz` where instead of pairs [Integer, String], I store in the `LinkedHashMap` pairs of [Predicate, String]. When I iterate through these pairs, i'll just have to test each predicate to know if I have to add its associated word. 